take two we're doing a dome light test
here on the left side you see that the
approximately 2 or 3 watt LED bulb on
the right side is a 20 watt incandescent
bulb I have this dome light here fired
up
one side with the incandescent and one
side with the fluoresce rather the LED
bulb you can guess which side is the
incandescent which side is the bright
white LED incandescent generally run
like warm light warm white light as
compared to the LED bulbs you have to
pick either warm or cool white and I
don't think I had a selection on the
small bulbs warmer cool nonetheless
here's a what I have here as I'm
actually shooting through with a box a
divider to look at both sides alike just
to compare them so if you look this way
somehow that looks like crap doesn't it
it really doesn't show you anything one
looks blue rich whitish and one books
Ornish visually from my side they look
about the same although I want to say
that the incandescent r40 well I rather
20 watt is a little brighter and I want
to say maybe twice as bright I don't
know but I just figured out a test here
so let's look at this
can you see that I don't know that's a
piece of paper get a little some writing
here oh so I get this way from the free
to your left
it seems noticeably brighter your right
seems dark to the right side is the LED
bulb the left side the brighter side
here is the incandescent and that's me I
know looking half my face is this half
his brighter lit up by the incandescent
this half by the LED bulb what's
important here though I think is the LED
bulbs really are bright enough
plenty bright enough I have three of
these for the boat and three of these
pairs so we're gonna be drawing a lot
less current will be able to leave these
lights on all night long running on the
little battery or the battery pack that
little bubby that would run these little
LED bulbs all night easily so hopefully
uh we got that two minutes forty seconds
out test on Dave hope you like that LED
bulbs work
well one of them I receive two in the
mail one didn't work and one did any
from China they don't even test these
things